[Go] New Concept Exercise: maps WIP (#1351)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/using-map/.docs/introduction.md

> `map` in go is a key-value type. In other programming language, you might know map as `dict` or associative array. The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`, and you can define map as follows

Reviewer: The [official Go documentation](https://gobyexample.com/maps) refers to it as an associative data type, so that might be nice to use here too. We can combine that with the [description in our generic map reference document](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/reference/types/map.md):

```suggestion
A `map` in Go is an associative data type that contains a collection of key/value pairs, which other languages might refer to as as dictionary or an associative array.

The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`, and you can define a map as follows:
```

`make(map[string]int)`

or

```go

>   var foo map[string]int

Reviewer: I don't see the different between the above example and this example, except for the fact that the variable is defined upfront here. I would suggest to remove one of the examples (probably the above) and maybe even shorten this a bit and include a comment that emphasizes which type is the key and which type is the value:

```suggestion
// Define a map with string keys and int values
empty_map = make(map[string]int)
```

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we should give any code examples in the introduction...

Reviewer 2: Ok... seems that has changed since the last time I checked:

> Code examples should only be used to introduces new syntax (students should not need to search the web for examples of syntax). In other cases provide descriptions or links instead of code.

Reviewer: :)

  foo = make(map[string]int)

> ```

Reviewer: I love how concise you've kept the introduction! One thing I would add to the introduction too is the syntax to add/update value and to retrieve values. This is new syntax that is introduced in this exercise and thus should also be included here (see [this description](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/concept-exercises.md#docsintroductionmd)).
